added some state management technique and video link of resocoder (#775)
Solido/awesome-flutter: source.md

- [Mtechviral](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWL1lGchpRA&list=PLR2qQy0Zxs_UdqAcaipPR3CG1Ly57UlhV) <!--youtube:list/PLR2qQy0Zxs_UdqAcaipPR3CG1Ly57UlhV--> - [Hindi/English] Mtechviral Series By [Pawan Kumar](https://github.com/iampawan)
- [Flutter in Practice](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhXZp00uXBk5TSY6YOdmpzp1yG3QbFvrN) - Free video courssd for beginners & non-programmers by [Zaiste](https://zaiste.net/)
- [Whatsupcoders](https://www.youtube.com/c/whatsupcoders) <!--youtube:list/PL6BTtm1PxwOUpt1muzFD3ErxWdCzLkYbI--> - Free video series on Flutter Widgets by [Kamal](https://github.com/whatsupcoders)

> - [Reso Coder](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSIvrn68cUk8CS8MbtBmBkA) - Intermediate and advance videos of flutter by [Reso Coder](https://github.com/ResoCoder)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Reso Coder](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSIvrn68cUk8CS8MbtBmBkA) - Intermediate and advanced videos about Flutter by [Matej Rešetár](https://github.com/ResoCoder)
```

- [Bloc](https://github.com/felangel/bloc) <!--stargazers:felangel/bloc--> - Collection of packages that help implement the BLoC design pattern by [Felix Angelov](https://github.com/felangel)
- [MobX](https://github.com/mobxjs/mobx.dart) <!--stargazers:mobxjs/mobx.dart--> - Supercharge the state-management in your apps with Transparent Functional Reactive Programming (TFRP). Port of MobX from the Js/React land.

> - [Provider](https://github.com/rrousselGit/provider) [3029⭐] - Most popular state-management technique for Flutter by [Remi Rousselet](https://github.com/rrousselGit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Provider](https://github.com/rrousselGit/provider) <!--stargazers:rrousselGit/provider--> - State-management library for Flutter by [Remi Rousselet](https://github.com/rrousselGit)
```

> - [RiverPod](https://github.com/rrousselGit/river_pod) [820⭐] - Another very good state-management technique for Flutter by [Remi Rousselet](https://github.com/rrousselGit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [RiverPod](https://github.com/rrousselGit/river_pod) <!--stargazers:rrousselGit/river_pod--> - State-management library considered to be rewrite of Provider by [Remi Rousselet](https://github.com/rrousselGit)
```

> - [GetX](https://github.com/jonataslaw/getx) [1407⭐] - GetX is an extra-light and powerful solution for Flutter by [Jonny Borges](https://github.com/jonataslaw)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [GetX](https://github.com/jonataslaw/getx) <!--jonataslaw/getx--> - State-management and navigation library for Flutter by [Jonny Borges](https://github.com/jonataslaw)
```
